Update CLI articles (#104)
saleor/saleor.io-learn: cli/getting-started.md

## Creating a new Environment

Last thing to set up is the environment. The setup flow is going to be quite the same as with the previous iterations. In the terminal, use:

`saleor env create`

In the process of establishing the environment, you will be prompted for some details, like the project name, database template or sandbox version. You will also have the possibility to opt in for a dashboard access and basic authorisation.

> And that's it! Your are now ready to use the features of the Salor Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And that's it! You are now ready to use the features of the Saleor Cloud.
```
